---
title: S3
---

# S3 Archiving

Timber allows you to select your own bucket to dump the archives in nightly or
you can use our default bucket that is backed by SSE. A link to download from this bucket
can be generated from the list of archives in your orginization settings.

## Setup

1. To setup your own bucket you first need to add a bucket poilcy:

```json
{
  "Version":"2012-10-17",
  "Statement":[
    {
      "Sid":"AddLogs",
      "Effect":"Allow",
      "Principal": {"AWS": ["arn:aws:iam::754402436383:root"]},
      "Action":["s3:PutObject"],
      "Resource":["arn:aws:s3:::my-logs/*"]
    }
  ]
}
```

Make sure to change `"Resource":["arn:aws:s3:::my-logs/*"]` to your bucket arn. This bucket policy will
allow us to copy the archived logs in csv format to your bucket. You can also prepend the file by putting
`arn:aws:s3:::my-logs/timber-io-*`. This will result in a file named `my-logs/timber-io-timber-#{dt}-#{application_slug}.csv`,
where `dt` is the datetime that the log was created for and `application_slug` is the name of the application that
the archived logs are for.

2. Mext step is to go to your organization settings page and add the location that you want your archives to show up in. This
can be your bucket or if you leave it blank it will default to our own internal bucket. 



## Automatic Deletion

If you are using our default bucket to store your log archives, the data will expire and be deleted after 365 days. On your own bucket you can setup a s3 bucket lifecycle to expire your data at any point or keep it forever. You can find out more about this [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/lifecycle-expire-general-considerations.html).

## Searching With Amazon Athena

Now, that the data is on your S3 bucket, you can search through the data using [Amazon Athena](https://aws.amazon.com/athena/). Athena is a serverless distributed interactive query service provided by Amazon AWS. It supports many dataformats including CSV. You can use this to search through your historical archive data at a very cheap cost. The documenation can be found [here](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/athena/).

## Troubleshooting

TOD

